Case 9:23-cr-80101-AMC Document 85 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2023 Page 9 of 60

i The Department of State and Bureau of Intelligence and Research. The
Department of State was responsible for protecting and promoting United
States security, prosperity, and democratic values. Within the Department
of State, the Bureau of Intelligence and Research was a member of the USIC
and responsible for providing intelligence to inform diplomacy and support
United States diplomats.

TRUMP’s Public Statements on Classified Information
23; As a candidate for President of the United States, TRUMP made the following
public statements, among others, about classified information:

a. On August 18, 2016, TRUMP stated, “In my administration I’m going to
enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information. No one
will be above the law.”

b. On September 6, 2016, TRUMP stated, “We also need to fight this battle
by collecting intelligence and then protecting, protecting our classified
secrets. ... We can’t have someone in the Oval Office who doesn’t
understand the meaning of the word confidential or classified.”

c On September 7, 2016, TRUMP stated, “[O]ne of the first things we must
do is to enforce all classification rules and to enforce all laws relating to the
handling of classified information.”

d. On September 19, 2016, TRUMP stated, “We also need the best protection
of classified information.”

e. On November 3, 2016, TRUMP stated, “Service members here in North
Carolina have risked their lives to acquire classified intelligence to protect
our country.”

24. As President of the United States, on July 26, 2018, TRUMP issued the following
statement about classified information:

As the head of the executive branch and Commander in Chief, I have
a unique, Constitutional responsibility to protect the Nation’s
classified information, including by controlling access to it. .. .
More broadly, the issue of [a former executive branch official’s]
security clearance raises larger questions about the practice of
former officials maintaining access to our Nation’s most sensitive
secrets long after their time in Government has ended. Such access
is particularly inappropriate when former officials have transitioned
