Case 9:23-cr-80101-AMC Document 85 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2023 Page 22 of 60

d. Well look isn’t it better if there are no documents?
56. | While meeting with Trump Attorney | and Trump Attorney 2 on May 23, TRUMP,
in sum and substance, told the following story, as memorialized by Trump Attorney |:

[Attorney], he was great, he did a great job. You know what? He

said, he said that it — that it was him. That he was the one who

deleted all of her emails, the 30,000 emails, because they basically

dealt with her scheduling and her going to the gym and her having

beauty appointments. And he was great. And he, so she didn’t get

in any trouble because he said that he was the one who deleted them.
TRUMP related the story more than once that day.

57. On May 23, TRUMP also confirmed his understanding with Trump Attorney | that
Trump Attorney | would return to The Mar-a-Lago Club on June 2 to search for any documents
with classification markings to produce in response to the May 11 Subpoena. Trump Attorney |
made it clear to TRUMP that Trump Attorney | would conduct the search for responsive
documents by looking through TRUMP’s boxes that had been transported from the White House
and remained in storage at The Mar-a-Lago Club. TRUMP indicated that he wanted to be at The
Mar-a-Lago Club when Trump Attorney | returned to review his boxes on June 2, and that
TRUMP would change his summer travel plans to do so. TRUMP told Trump Attorney 2 that
Trump Attorney 2 did not need to be present for the review of boxes.

58. After meeting with Trump Attorney | and Trump Attorney 2 on May 23, TRUMP
delayed his departure from The Mar-a-Lago Club to The Bedminster Club for the summer so that
he would be present at The Mar-a-Lago Club on June 2, when Trump Attorney | returned to review
the boxes.

59. | Between TRUMP’s May 23 meeting with Trump Attorney | and Trump Attorney

2 to discuss the May 11 Subpoena, and June 2, when Trump Attorney | returned to The Mar-a-

Lago Club to review the boxes in the Storage Room, NAUTA removed—at TRUMP?’ s direction—

22
