Case 9:23-cr-80101-AMC Document 85 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2023 Page 8 of 60

The USIC consisted of United States executive branch departments and agencies responsible for
the conduct of foreign relations and the protection of national security.

22), After his presidency, TRUMP retained classified documents originated by, or
implicating the equities of, multiple USIC members and other executive branch departments and
agencies, including the following:

a. The Central Intelligence Agency (“CIA”). CIA was responsible for
providing intelligence on foreign countries and global issues to the president
and other policymakers to help them make national security decisions.

b. The Department of Defense (“DoD”). DoD was responsible for providing
the military forces needed to deter war and ensure national security. Some
of the executive branch agencies comprising the USIC were within DoD.

c. The National Security Agency. The National Security Agency was a
combat support agency within DoD and a member of the USIC responsible
for foreign signals intelligence and cybersecurity. This included collecting,
processing, and disseminating to United States policymakers and military
leaders foreign intelligence derived from communications and information
systems; protecting national security systems; and enabling computer
network operations.

d. The National Geospatial Intelligence Agency. The National Geospatial
Intelligence Agency was a combat support agency within DoD responsible
for the exploitation and analysis of imagery, imagery intelligence, and
geospatial information in support of the national security objectives of the
United States and the geospatial intelligence requirements of DoD, the
Department of State, and other federal agencies.

e. The National Reconnaissance Office. The National Reconnaissance
Office was an agency within DoD responsible for developing, acquiring,
launching, and operating space-based surveillance and reconnaissance
systems that collected and delivered intelligence to enhance national
security.

f. The Department of Energy. The Department of Energy was responsible
for maintaining a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent to protect
national security, including ensuring the effectiveness of the United States
nuclear weapons stockpile without nuclear explosive testing.
