Case 9:23-cr-80101-AMC Document 85 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/27/2023 Page 6 of 60

b. Information was classified as SECRET if the unauthorized disclosure of that
information reasonably could be expected to cause serious damage to the
national security that the original classification authority was able to
identify or describe.

C. Information was classified as CONFIDENTIAL if the unauthorized
disclosure of that information reasonably could be expected to cause
damage to the national security that the original classification authority was
able to identify or describe.

15. The classification marking “NOFORN” stood for “Not Releasable to Foreign
Nationals” and denoted that dissemination of that information was limited to United States
persons.

16. Classified information related to intelligence sources, methods, and analytical
processes was designated as Sensitive Compartmented Information (“SCI”). SCI was to be
processed, stored, used, or discussed in an accredited Sensitive Compartmented Information
Facility (“SCIF”), and only individuals with the appropriate security clearance and additional SCI
permissions were authorized to have access to such national security information.

17. When the vulnerability of, or threat to, specific classified information was
exceptional, and the normal criteria for determining eligibility for access to classified information
were insufficient to protect the information from unauthorized disclosure, the United States could
establish Special Access Programs (“SAPs”) to further protect the classified information. The
number of these programs was to be kept to an absolute minimum and limited to programs in
which the number of persons who ordinarily would have access would be reasonably small and
commensurate with the objective of providing enhanced protection for the information involved.
Only individuals with the appropriate security clearance and additional SAP permissions were
authorized to have access to such national security information, which was subject to enhanced

handling and storage requirements.
